Adding December Insider post (#4625)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/blog/insider-dec-22/index.md

Finally, I'm amazed at the pace of innovation happening in computing generally, and am particularly excited about Chrome using [on-device machine learning](https://blog.google/products/chrome/building-a-more-helpful-browser-with-machine-learning) in new ways to create a smarter, more adaptive browsing experience that keeps users safer, translates web pages instantly, and finds information more quickly, and what we can enable for developers by bringing [GPU Compute to the web](https://web.dev/gpu-compute/).

Our focus in 2022 was to **make the web work better for everyone**. And for me, it's going to be our mission for the years to come.

> Wow, that was energizing. I hope you are all equally energized about the future of the web. And to keep that going, we've put together the key highlights of 2022 in this video below.

Author: ```suggestion
Wow, that was energizing. I hope you are all equally energized about the future of the web. And to keep that going, we've put together the key highlights of 2022 in the following video.
```
